# [Actions](https://stardewvalleywiki.com/Modding:Trigger_actions)

Actions, sometimes called trigger actions, are little snippets of behavior that can be called in places that support action.

Trinket Tinker provide these special actions.

## mushymato.TrinketTinker_EquipHiddenTrinket

```
mushymato.TrinketTinker_EquipHiddenTrinket <trinket id> [level] [variant] [daysDuration]
```

Equips a hidden trinket to the player. This trinket does not occupy the trinket slot, and does not require combat mastery.
Just like [EquipTrinket](004.z.200-EquipTrinket.md), the custom field `mushymato.TrinketTinker/DirectEquipOnly` can be used to exclude your trinket from being equipped by this action.

Level and Variant default to 0 and can be specified, randomize ("R") is not supported.

By default, daysDuration is 1, meaning the hidden trinket is removed automatically after sleeping once.
They can be made permanent with -1, and will stay until explicitly removed with the following action.

## mushymato.TrinketTinker_UnequipHiddenTrinket

```
mushymato.TrinketTinker_UnequipHiddenTrinket <trinket id> [level] [variant]
```

Unequip a hidden trinket, optionally matching for a specific level and variant.
If the player has multiple copies of a trinket that matches ID (and level/variant if specified), the most recently equipped hidden trinket is removed first.

## mushymato.TrinketTinker_ProcTrinket

```
mushymato.TrinketTinker_ProcTrinket <trinket id> [level] [variant]
```

Activates all abilities with [Proc=Trigger](004.0-Proc.md), filtered to only trinkets of matching ID if it is specified.
This is a niche case, primarily for bespoke logic implemented in SMAPI mods.

## mushymato.TrinketTinker_ToggleCompanion

```
mushymato.TrinketTinker_ToggleCompanion <trinket id> [level] [variant]
```

Toggles the companion's visibility between visible and invisible. This is purely visual and does not prevent the abilities from activating.
