# Anchor Mode

A companion's motion is relative to another entity's position, generally the player.

`Anchors` consist of a list of [AnchorTargetData](~/api/TrinketTinker.Models.AnchorTargetData.yml)

The order matters as companion will try for anchors in order, and stop once a target is found for a given anchor mode.
When no targets are found, fallback to `Owner`.

## Structure

| Property | Type | Default | Notes |
| -------- | ---- | ------- | ----- |
| `Mode` | [AnchorTarget](~/api/TrinketTinker.Models.AnchorTarget.yml) | Owner | Anchor target, described below. |
| `Range` | int | 640 | Search range in pixels, only switch anchor when the target is less than this far from owner. |
| `Filters` | List\<string\> | _null_ | List of anchor mode specific filters, see the headings on each Mode for details. If not specified, then no filters have been implemented. |
| `RequiredAbilities` | List\<string\>? | _mode dependent_  | List of ability classes to check for to determine if this anchor should be enabled. Some modes have default values, which can be cleared by setting this value to `null`. |

### Monster

Anchor to nearest monster.

__Filters__: list of monsters to avoid targeting, based on their key in Data/Monsters.

__RequiredAbilities__: Default `"Hitscan"`, `"Projectile"`.

### Forage

Anchor to nearest forageable item.

__Filters__: list of [context tags](https://stardewvalleywiki.com/Modding:Common_data_field_types#Context_tag) to avoid harvesting, e.g. `"category_flowers"` (exclude flower category) or `"color_orange season_summer"` (exclude orange and summer). Each space separated sub list of tags act as AND while the overall list act as OR.

__RequiredAbilities__: Default `"HarvestForage"`.

### Stone

Anchor to nearest breakable stone.

__RequiredAbilities__: Default `"HarvestStone"`.

### Object

Anchor to nearest placed object. This is a superset of Stone and Forage, but also placed objects on the ground.

### Crop

Anchor to nearest harvestable crop.

__Filters__: list of [context tags](https://stardewvalleywiki.com/Modding:Common_data_field_types#Context_tag) to avoid harvesting, e.g. `"category_flowers"` (exclude flower category) or `"color_orange season_summer"` (exclude orange and summer). Each space separated sub list of tags act as AND while the overall list act as OR. For crops, only the main harvestable item is considered.

__RequiredAbilities__: Default `"HarvestCrop"`.

### Shakeable

Anchor to nearest shakeable bush/tree/fruit tree.

__Filters__: list of `"Bush"`, `"Tree"`, `"FruitTree"`, indicating which of the 3 possible categories to avoid targeting.

__RequiredAbilities__: Default `"HarvestShakeable"`.

### TerrainFeature

Anchor to nearest terrain feature. This is a superset of Crop and Shakeable.

### Owner

Anchor to the player who equipped the trinket. Range has no effect.
This is the default anchor.
