# [Actions](https://stardewvalleywiki.com/Modding:Trigger_actions)

Actions, sometimes called trigger actions, are little snippets of behavior that can be called in places that support action.

Trinket Tinker provide these special actions.

## mushymato.TrinketTinker_EquipHiddenTrinket

```
mushymato.TrinketTinker_EquipHiddenTrinket <trinket id> [level] [variant] [daysDuration]
```

Equips a hidden trinket to the player. This trinket does not occupy the trinket slot, and does not require combat mastery.
Just like [EquipTrinket](4.z.200-EquipTrinket.md), the custom field `mushymato.TrinketTinker/DirectEquipOnly` can be used to exclude your trinket from being equipped by this action.

Level and Variant default to 0 and can be specified, randomize ("R") is not supported yet.

By default, daysDuration is 1, meaning the hidden trinket is removed automatically after sleeping once.
They can be made permanent with -1, and will stay until explicitly removed with the following action.

## mushymato.TrinketTinker_UnequipHiddenTrinket

```
mushymato.TrinketTinker_UnequipHiddenTrinket <trinket id> [level] [variant]
```

Unequip a hidden trinket, optionally matching for a specific level and variant.
If the player has multiple copies of a trinket that matches ID (and level/variant if specified), the most recently equipped hidden trinket is removed first.

## mushymato.TrinketTinker_ProcTrinket

```
mushymato.TrinketTinker_ProcTrinket <trinket id> [level] [variant]
```

Activates all abilities with [Proc=Trigger](4.0-Proc.md), filtered to only trinkets of matching ID if it is specified.
This is a niche case, primarily for bespoke logic implemented in SMAPI mods.
